### July 1st - July 7th
* Since one of our goals is to replicate past results, we aim to process the EEG data in Brain Vision Analyzer as well as with my Python/MNE scripts. Unfortunately, it has been difficult importing all aspects of the converted .mff files. The main problem with the Analyzer has been to get the right 256 channel hydrocel geodesic sensor net montage. After receiving a solution from Brain Products Tech Support, we tried to implement it, but failed to import the right montage. Since the topographies or ERPs looked distorted, we concluded that this was not sufficient to base our analysis on. Hence, we are waiting on more support with this solution or a different way to import the right montage.

* I started planning a trip to Montréal to visit a colleague at BRAMS (https://www.brams.org/en/). In addition, I will have the opportunity to give a talk about this research in conjunction with some other projects in the lab there.

* After carefully studying the event outputs and timings from E-prime, I realized that for a couple of subjects, timings were not properly extracted. This would explain some further inconsistencies I have been noticing when comparing Travis' previous study with the present data. While adapting the script, I had misunderstood some loops for event extraction and focused on the wrong column noting the scanning starting time. In order to be perfectly safe, I will plot and check event timings extracted based on different E-prime variables for all subjects and then decide how to proceed.

* Another issue I ran into was a discrepancy between contrasts on first and second level. They were coded differently in the old SPM scripts, because I had been focusing on an outdated version of the first level specification. Therefore, I aligned first and second level in my version of these scripts.

* Over the past week, I read the following papers related to this study’s purposes:
  * Neural Correlates of Dream Lucidity Obtained from Contrasting Lucid versus Non-Lucid REM Sleep: A Combined EEG/fMRI Case Study: https://academic.oup.com/sleep/article/35/7/1017/2558845
  
### July 8th - July 14th
* Correcting the event timings, the smoothing, and the contrast issue, cleared up the results. Both with the aligned nipype script and the SPM script, results from Travis' previous study were successfully replicated. Results yielded remarkable resemblance to most of the previous data. The only discrepancies were limited to more sensitive contrasts, reflecting presumably weaker effects. Further evaluation will have to wait until I focus on specific ROIs.

* With my talk coming up in August and to get the study on track, Travis gave me a couple of milestones to reach for August:
	* Finalize fMRI results using both SPM and python scripts. this include ROI analysis. Compare old and new data. 
	* Import EEG into brainvision. Check ERPs and topography.  Export data to matlab for Time-frequency analysis. Run TF analysis for evoked and induced. 
	* Source localize using the dome data. 
	* Process Diffusion
	* Process resting-state
	* Data fusion

* Regarding the acquired dome data, some colleagues using this technology as well and me ran into an issue with the clarity of the recorded images. It was notably degraded due to a miscalibration for some subjects. Due to this circumstance, processing of this data will take a little longer.

* Over the past week, I read the following papers related to this study’s purposes:
  * Visual evoked potential (VEP) measured by simultaneous 64-channel EEG and 3T fMRI: https://ovidsp.dc2.ovid.com/sp-4.01.0a/ovidweb.cgi?QS2=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
  
### July 15th - July 21st
* I completed the first and second level analyses for the fMRI data. The replication of previous results was successful, which is going to be an important bullet point for my summary during the datablitz.

* Travis announced that next week on Thursday in the last lab meeting we will do a datablitz where everyone will give a brief update on their projects. For this reason, I started preparing a short overview of my progress (unimodal EEG and fMRI group level data).

* For the most part, the EEG data has also been a successful replication. Again, I was considering different ways of validating event timings, due to the last issue I had with them. However, the timings from the event channel proved to be reliable, as MR triggers perfecty lined up with other data sources, events perfectly reflected the succession I extracted from the E-prime file, and very basic results (presentation of feedback) fit expectations.

* With the exception fo a few troublesome subjects (e.g., lots of artifacts, bad or missing ECG) my pipeline proved effective in analyzing the EEG data, but still Travis gave me a list of preprocssing options to test with the recommendation of goign for what's conventional if in doubt. Options mostly related to filtering, when to rereference, what artifact detection methods to use, how to segment the data, and what to feed into the ICA.

* Over the past week, I read the following papers related to this study’s purposes:
  * A Single-Trial Estimation of the Feedback-Related Negativity and Its Relation to BOLD Responses in a Time-Estimation Task: https://www.jneurosci.org/content/34/8/3005
  
### July 22nd - July 28th
* To a large extend, I focused this week on getting the basic data (group level EEG and fMRI results) in order for the lab meeting. The fMRI data turned out great and for the EEG I ended up presenting those subjects that I successfully cleaned and was confident in. That exlcuded six subjects from the EEG results I showed on my slides.

* I also looked into writing the code for the following data fusion, but noticed that Travis and I still have not reached a definitive conclusion on which ones are going to be central to the paper. Further, a paper could be solely focused on replication and have only a little data fusion as a supplement, whereas a different version of this project would have the replication as just a prerequisite to the actually interesting analyses of both modalities. Consequently, Travis and I discussed these options during our meeting in addition to larger themes and directions for my PhD.

* Over the past week, I read the following papers related to this study’s purposes:
  * Simultaneous EEG and fMRI Reveals a Causally Connected Subcortical-Cortical Network during Reward Anticipation: https://www.jneurosci.org/content/33/36/14526.long
  * fMRI BOLD Correlates of EEG Independent Components: Spatial Correspondence With the Default Mode Network: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6277921/
